it is afterburn review time once again
in the spicy kiss household today
another pepper courtesy of Jim DeFede
refining fire chilies link is almost in
a description this is the permit
display from France and actually
encompassing the northern Basque area I
have a trusty ruler with me so I'm going
to go to the camera here let's see how
lengthy this pot is see it's probably
somewhere around four and a half inches
or 11 centimeters got kind of pointy on
the bottom here maybe a little bit of a
tail I read that you usually see this in
pureed form a little bit of juice a
little bit of notes right here as well
also ground into a powder dry it up and
ground into a powder I'd say a fairly
thick wall and a lot of seeds but again
this is not a super hot so I have not
worried at all that I'm going to enjoy
this and break it up into little
quadrants with my dull knife god I need
a new knife see get some more views and
I can buy a new knife so let's try this
piment dis bullet I don't think I
pronounced it right but oh well let me
know down in the comments little bit of
sweet bunch of I wouldn't call it bitter
but it's kind of in between sweet and
bitter minimal heat getting a little bit
of a bell pepper kind of flavor in there
but man there's a lot of seeds in there
holy cow look at that bunch of that is
look at all those seeds in there there
you go
heat is there it's mostly the tip of the
tongue right now it's got a little bit
of a fruitiness to it there's really no
intense
there's no increasing heat at all
even after I keep on eating the top part
of the pepper it's not as juicy as some
of the other pods I've gotten from Jim
it does have this fairly refreshing feel
to it though you know a couple of pods
in the past I've tried to make some kind
of a comparison to a cucumber or
zucchini I'm getting a little bit of
that but not as much as the other two
pods that I had with in which I said
what I just said cucumber zucchini you
never would have you never would have
thought about that would you
he just stays around it's nothing major
fairly minor
I would give this on heat perhaps a one
and a half out of ten it just stays
there and it's not getting any hotter
still remains on the tip of the tongue
and not too much more than that I don't
think it's even trying to migrate to the
back of the throat at all flavor-wise
again yeah it's all right
mostly good mostly good on this one
I think again after having some of the
other pods that I've already reviewed
from Jim which has enormous ly high
standards to live up to no less you know
this is just to me becoming becoming
another pot so take that for what it is
it is fairly solid it's pretty good and
I can see this you know being ground up
dried and put on some kind of some kind
of dish you
some kind of seasoning for some kind of
a dish but otherwise you know people are
not going to be you know popping these
whole people are not gonna be you know
they're gonna be using this pot for
something and not just oh I'm just gonna
eat this on camera for somebody but what
are your thoughts in this pod legged
down in the comments that is all for
this after burn review embrace that pain
and I'll see you in the next video
you